hello greetings I'm night owl dark sky
ocean Tonino times I'm going to talk
about my GT a glacier which is Grand
Theft Auto we're gonna go from the
beginning to the end or the end GTA 6
will be out a few years where every
epoch so we can buy our own apartment
and robbed other people's I'll be good
ok
it all started Grand Theft Auto on the
PlayStation that was good you know over
top view that it will addictive as hell
and had some rubber music and gameplay
spot-on that's why it's so popular today
because of this everybody loves this
game even now even really played in the
3d versions is still epic to play then
GTA 2 on PlayStation which weren't as
good as the first one in my opinion a
doll gang wars thing you know going on
but in my opinion it didn't feel the
same for some reason probably just me
you got a gun felt a London which is
nice even over police cars American
Eagle American police and stuffin it
would actually a proper London you know
looking at it the feel of it but then
there's a revolution something happened
you know we like screw you over the top
gameplay ship on PlayStation 1 we're
gonna completely destroy our idea to
make lists of busted ear grin 5003
I went on a PlayStation 2 first game
Souza's come out why not ps2 and I like
to wolfson got it
and I got home start playing it and
realize I forgot to buy a memory card
that would cover me on it so next don'ts
about membercard stop playing properly
but good fun very good it's probably
still on the best games if you say was
your favorite GTA game at boisei GTA 3
because it's blew me away
no I know a couple of side games kind of
thing Vice City San Andreas
our people fought well that was gta4 we
did it isn't reason we've got Vice - to
San Andreas is
using the same game engine the gta3 I've
been different cities but it were
basically the same engine so it didn't
call it you take four so on a wonderful
addition
mrs. Caroline's was my wife say hello
Caroline
hello yes she's played this I haven't
played this I'll be playing over games
you see your eyes gaming and she's
brilliant to auction it play it and oh
you all on me especially me you are you
very good
then xbox360
sorry gt3 PlayStation 2 so they get an
Xbox as well but I didn't when you got
Grand Theft Auto for brewing game look
play online it's fantastic it's great
story everything's about upset when you
first play it I didn't think the driving
mechanics were great I thought you know
going round a corner like mark bar and
can see started carving it where am I
going
a lot of people did screaming a lot but
I'm telling you now the driving clients
will if you don't play this for a
year and go back to it you think my god
- driving mechanics of it's true
and then it got me to cycling class and
race and varsity got six stories which
you've got about of Gay Tony no I'm not
gay gays happy yes but homosexual and
lost and the damned as well very good I
still need to completely just could be
bothered
but then the big game come out and
played it yet Bob gotta come out today
when I'm making this video 17 for
September 2013 and that's this I've got
quite sedition its
Gump Theft Auto 5 the most eagerly
awaited game ever and I have a court
decision epic now I'm nobody I've been
on this view like a special video
opening it cuz I don't yeah I'm playing
yeah hopefully their driving mechanics
are got a no lease can be like a
greatest game ever online gameplay for
us is in two weeks
loads of different options I'll be if
you want to play online
don't add me on the only friends us
because my except if they don't know
you've got
to know you personally you got to place
in my heart to be on my friends list I'm
telling you oh that's a only friends
list I've got rid of people over month
and all right it's all better I've been
blessed people you want two hundred
people he friends this week but good
come on
oh my oh my oh my game request givers no
you don't want my he's not a few friends
and you can organize food games properly
that's how you do it right but I've got
gta5 now and I'm gonna open it on
another video
who's my GTA caution and Carlin's as
well don't watch it I mean night oh
let's go well so noise Tonio
I'll Tonio times